Nate The Great
========================================

My name is Nate the great. 

I am a **detective** [#f1]_ .

I work alone.

Let me tell you about my last **case** [#f2]_ :

I had just eaten breakfast.

It was a good breakfast.

Pancakes , **juice** [#f3]_ , Pancakes, milk, and Pancakes.

I like Pancakes.

The telephone rang.

I hoped it was a call to look for lost **diamonds** [#f4]_ or **pearls** [#f5]_ or a million dollars.

It was Annie.

Annie lives down the street.

I knew that Annie did not diamonds or pearls or a million dollars to lose. 

"I lose a picture", she said.

"Can you help me find it ?"

"Of course", I said.


"I have found lost **ballons**, books, **slippers**, chickens. 
Even a lost goldfish. Now I, Nate The Great, will find a lost picture."

"Oh , good " Annie said.

"When can you **come over** ?"

"I will be over in five minutes," I said.

"Stay right where you are.
Don't touch anything. DON'T MOVE!" 

"My foot **itches** ," Annie said.

" **Scratch** it", I said.

I put on my detective **suit**.

I took my notebook and pencil.

I left a note for my mother.

I always leave a note for my mother when I am on a case. 

I went to Annie's house.

Annie has brown hair and brown eyes.

And she smiles a lot.

I would like Annie if I liked girls.

She was eating breakfast Pancakes.

"I like pancakes," I said.

It was a good breakfast.

"Tell me about your picture," I said.

"I painted a picture of my dog, Fang," Annie said.

"I put it on my desk to dry. Then it was gone. It happend yesterday."

"You should have called me yesterday," I said, "while the **trail** was hot.
I hate cool trails. Now, where would a picture go ?"

"I don't know," Annie said.

"That's why I called you"

"Ary you sure, you're a detective ?"

"Sure, I'm sure. I will find the picture of Fang", I said.

"Tell me. Does this house have any **trapdoors** or 
secret **passages** ?"

"No," Annie said.

"No trapdoors or secret passages?"

I said, "This will be a very dull case."

"I have a door that **squeaks** ," Annie said.

"Have it fixed," I said.

"Now show me you room"

We went to Annie's room.

I was big. It had yellow walls, a yellow bed, a yellow chair, 
and a yellow desk.

I, Nate the Great, was sure one thing. Annie liked yellow.

-----


I searched the room.

I looked on the desk.

And under the desk.

And in the desk.

No picture.

I looked on the bed.

And under the bed.

And in the  bed.

The bed was comfortabe.

I looked in the wastebasket.

I found a picture of a dog.


"Is this it?" I asked .

"No," Annie said.

"My picture of Fang is yellow." 

"I should have know," I said. 

"Now tell me. Who has seen your picture?"

"My friend Rosamond hs seen it, and my brother Harry, And Fang.
But Fang doesn't count. He's a dog"
"Everybody and everything counts," I said. 
"I, Nate the Great, say that everything counts.
Tell me about Fang.
Is he a big dog?"

"Very big," Annie said.

"Dose he have a big teeth?" I asked .

"very big," Annie said.

"Does he bite people?"

"No," Annie said, "Will this help the case ?"

"No," I said. "But it might help me. Show me Fang."

Annie took me out to the yard.

Fang was there.

He was big , all right.

And he had big teeth.

He showed them to me.

I showed him mine.

He sniffed me.

I sniffed him back.

And we were friends.

I watched Fang run.

I watched him eat.

I watched him **bury** a bone.

"Hmm," I said "Watch Fang bury that bone.
He buries very well.
He could bury other things.
Like a picture."
"Why would he bury a picture?" Annie asked.

"Maybe he didn't like it,"
I said. "Maybe it wasn't a good picture of him."

"I never thought of that," Annie said.

"I, Nate the Great, think of everything.
Tell me. Does Fang ever leave this yard ?"

"Only on a **leash**," Annie said. 
"I see," I said.

"Then the only plase he could bury the picture is in the yard.
Come. We will dig in the yard."

Annie and I dug for two hours.

We found rocks, worms, bones, and ants.

But no picture.

At last I tood up.

I, Nate the Great, had something to say .

"I am hungry."

"Would you like some more pancakes?" Annie asked.

I could tell that Annie was  a smart girl.

I hate to eat on the job.

But I must keep up my **strength**.

We sat in the kitchen.

Cold pancakes are almost as good as hot pancakes.

"Now, on with the case," I said.

"Next we will talk to your friend Rosamond."

Annie and I walked to Rosamond's house.

Rosamond had black hair and green eyes.

And cat hair all over her.

"I am Nate the Great," I said ,
"I am a detective."

"A detective?" said Rosamond.

"A real, live detective?" "Touch me," I said.

" **Prove** you are a detective,"" said Rosamond.

"Find something. Find my lost cat."

"I am on a case, " I said.

"I am on a big case."

"My lost cat is big," Rosamond said.

"His name is Super Hex. I have four cats. 
The are all name Hex."

I could tell that Rosamond was a strange girl.

"Here are my other cats," she said.

"Big Hex, little Hex, and Plain Hex"

The cats had black hair and green eyes.

And long claws.

Very long claws.

We went into Rosamond's house.

I looked around.


The ware picture verywhere.

Pictures of cats

Sitting cats. Standing cats.

Cats in color and in black and white.

We sat down. 

Little Hex jumped onto Annie's lap.

Plain Hex jumped onto Rosamond's lap.

Big Hex jumped onto my lap.

I did not like Bit hex.

Big Hex and not like me.

"Time to go," I said.

"We just got here," Annie said.

SHe like Little Hex.

"Time to go," I said again.

I stood up.

I tripped over something.
 
It was long and black.

It was a cat's tail.

"MEOW!"

"Super Hex!" Rosamond cried.

"You found him!  You are a detective."

"Of course," I said.

"He was under my chair. Except for his tail."

Annie and I left.

It was a hard thing to do.

I could smell pancakes in Rosamond's kitchen.

"Rosamond dit not take the picture of you dog." I said.

"Rosamond only likes cats. and pancakes. Now where is you brother Harry"


I met Annie's brother. 

He was small.

He was covered with red paint.

"Me paint," he said.

"Me paint you."

"Good," I said. "No one has ever painted a picture of me,
Nate the Great."

Harry took his paintbrush.

It was covered with red paint.

All at once I was covered with red paint.

"He painted you," Annie said.

"He painted you."

Then she laughed.


I, Nate the Great, dit not laugh.

I was on case.

I had a job to do.

I looked around the room.


Harry had painted a **clown** ,

a house, a tree, and a monster with three heads.

He had also painted part of the wall, one slipper,
and a doorknob.

"He dose very good work," I said.

"But where is my picture ?"
Annie asked.

"That is a good queston," I said .

"All need is a good answer."

Where was the picture of Fang ?

I could not find it.

Fang did not have it.

Rosamond did not have it.

Harry did not have it.

Or did he ?

All at once I know 

I had  found the lost picture.
I said, "I, Nate the Great.
have found your picture."

"You have ?" Annie said. "Where ?"

"Look !" I said. "Harry has a picture of a clown, a house, a tree, 
and monster with three heads."

"So what ?" Annie said.

"Look again," I said.

"The picture of the clown is red.
The picture of the house is red.
The picture os the tree is red.
But the picture of the monster is orange."


"So what?" Annie said again.

"Orange is great for a monster."

"But Harry paints with red," I said.

"Everything is red but the monster.
I, Nate the Great. will tell you why.
Harry painted a red monster over the yellow picture of your dog.
The yellow paint was still wet.
It mixed with the red paint.
Yellow and red make orange.
That is why the monster is orange."

Annie opened her mouth.

She dit not stay a word.

THen she closed her mouth.


I said "See !"

THen monster has three heads. 
Two of the heads were your dog's ears.
The third head was the tail.
Yes, he dose do good work."


Annie was very mad at her brother.

I was mad, too.

I, Nate the Great,  

Had never been red before.

"The case is solved," I said.

"I must go."

"I don't know how to thank you," Annie said.
"I do," I said.

Are there any pancakes left ?""

I hate to eat on the job.

But the job was over.

We sat in Annie's kitchen.

Annie and I, And Harry.

Annie said , "I will paint a new picture.
Will you come back see it ?"

"If Harry doesn't see it firt," I said.

Annie smiled. Harry smiled.

They even smiled at each other.

I smiled too.

I, Nate the Great,
like happy endings.

It was time to leave.

I said good-bye to Annie and Harry and Fang.

I started to walk home.

Rain started to fall.

I was glad I was wearing my rubbers.







"




















"













.. rubric:: 注释

.. [#f1] 
    * detective `英 [dɪˈtektɪv]  美 [dɪˈtektɪv]`
        * n. 侦探;   警探;   私人侦探;  
        * adj. 侦查(用)的;  


.. [#f2] 
    * case : 英 [keɪs] 美 [keɪs] 
        * n. 案例;   实例;   具体情况;   事例;   实情，事实;   特殊情况;   （尤指警方）侦查的案情，调查的案件;   待裁决的案件;   诉讼;   （在审判、讨论等中支持一方的）论据，理由，辩词;   病例;   病人，伤员;   境况, 状况;   方面;   容器，箱，盒，罩;   框，架;   .( 一 ) 组， ( 一 ) 对;   （需特别对待或注意的）人;   （语法的）格;   <美俚>元;  
        * vt. 把…装入箱 ( 或盒、套等 ) 内;   （用材料、物质）围绕；包盖;   <非正式>（盗抢前）踩点儿，探察;  

.. [#f3] 
    * juice : 英 [dʒuːs] 美 [dʒuːs] 
        * n. 果汁;   菜汁;   果汁(或菜汁)饮料;   肉汁;   胃液;   消化液;   汽油;   电;  
        * vt. 榨出(水果或蔬菜的)汁液;   榨汁;  

.. [#f4] 
    * diamond 英 [ˈdaɪəmənd] 美 [ˈdaɪəmənd] 
        * n. 金刚石;   钻石;   菱形;   (纸牌的)方块;   （一张）方块牌;   内场;  
        * adj. 钻石(一样)的;   镶有钻石的;   菱形的;  

.. [#f5] 
    * pearl :  英 [pɜːl] 美 [pɜːrl] 
        * n. 珍珠;   人造珍珠;   (形状或颜色)像珍珠之物;   极有价值的东西;  
        * adj. 珍珠(制)的;   珍珠似的;  
        * v. 使像珍珠；把(米,麦等)制成小粒；用珍珠装饰；使成珍珠色;  